chore: add policy to publish new npm package (#542)
nodejs/admin: npm-management.md

The credentials required for the `nodejs-foundation` user are maintained in
encrypted form in the [secrets repo][].

## Publishing new packages

> To publish a new npm package, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new npm package, open an issue in nodejs/admin, pinging TSC.
```

> To publish a new npm package, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To publish a new "official" npm package for the first time from a repository under the `nodejs/` GitHub organization, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC and
```

honestly just suggesting this to get it wrapped up - we probably don't need to continue having this open, it's pretty good and can be further modified as the need arises.

Reviewer: No scare-quotes around _official_:

```
To publish a new official npm package for the first time from a repository under the `nodejs/` GitHub organization, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC and
```

Reviewer: And I agree this can land as-is and be iterated on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new npm package, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC.
```

> CommComm. Publishing a new package follows the same rules as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishing a new package follows the same rules as 
```

> To publish a new npm package, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC and
> CommComm. Publishing a new package follows the same rules as 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To publish a new npm package, send a request to nodejs/admin, pinging TSC. Publishing a new package follows the same rules as 
```
